---
title: 'Reflections on My 30th Birthday'
date: '2025-09-04'
excerpt: '30 Things I Learned from 30 Years on Earth'
---

September 4, 2025

Today is my 30th birthday, and I woke up with immense feelings of gratitude. Gratitude for everything I have, for all that I’ve experienced, for all that I’ve learned, and for the great life I get to live. I feel incredibly thankful for Abby, my soulmate, amazing friends, my wonderful family, and a life that has been full of rich experiences and meaningful relationships, with minimal hardship. I never want to take that for granted, because I know that hardship or tragedy is simply hiding behind a curtain.

To mark this milestone, I had a spur of inspiration, short but fleeting, to reflect on 30 things I’ve learned from 30 years on earth:

1. Nobody cares about you more than you.
As I’ve grown older, I’ve realized that whether you do something silly, embarrassing, stupid, amazing, or awesome, nobody cares. Sure, they might notice, but you're simply another thing they've observed today out of the other 3,000 things they've observed today, and one of the millions of other data points they'll come across in their life. Don't be so selfish as to think that you hold space in their brain. What matters more is having your own internal scorecard and living life according to your values, not worrying about the judgments of others.

2. Too much of anything is a bad thing.
My dad always told me: everything in moderation. Whether it’s exercise, steak, dessert, or a glass of wine—too much can be detrimental. Balance is the key.

3. You overestimate what you can accomplish in a week, but underestimate what you can accomplish in a decade.
Thirty years have flown by. It’s amazing to look back and what I've accomplished, learned and experienced in thirty years. I've been tracking my goals in a journal for the last 5 years and I consistently fail to finish half the items on my to-do list. But when i look where I'm at compared to just 5 years ago I've done much more than I thought was possible.

4. Follow your curiosity.
When I was a kid, all I cared about was baseball. It was my passion, my curiosity, and it shaped my life. Baseball took me around the world, helped me form lifelong friendships, earned me a scholarship to one of the world’s best universities, got me drafted, and even helped me land jobs. Now it’s paying off again with Dugout Edge. Not everyone’s path will look like mine, but following curiosity can lead to incredible places.

5. Take time to listen to your own mind.
The modern world is full of distractions—smartphones, watches, TVs, endless notifications. Our attention spans are shorter, and our focus is weaker because of it. Taking time to be alone with my thoughts—going for walks, journaling like this—helps me reconnect with myself, quiet my mind, and think more clearly.

6. Try new things.
Life becomes richer when you step into new activities, new places, new hobbies, and new people. Novelty creates the best memories.

7. Get outside and move daily.
Movement is medicine. Whether it’s a walk, a workout, or simply stretching in the sun, getting outside and moving keeps both body and mind sharp.

8. Walk 10,000 steps daily.
It’s a simple, measurable way to make sure you’re moving enough.

9. Eat your calories, don’t drink them.
Sugary drinks, sodas, and excess alcohol sneak in empty calories. Eating whole, nutrient-rich food is always better.

10. Call your parents.
Time with them is limited. Don’t waste the chance to connect while you still can.

11. Buying a house is a decent investment, not a great one.
It may not provide the best returns compared to other investments, but if you buy within your means and keep it for 30+ years, it’s very hard to lose money.

12. Many things can be fixed with exercise, breathing, and a good night’s sleep.
The original medicines.

13. If you want to improve something, track it.
You can’t improve what you don’t measure.

14. Eat whole foods.
Only eat things that existed 500 years ago.

15. The best things in life really are free.
Laughter, love, sunshine, a walk, time with friends—priceless.

16. Lift heavy weights and prioritize functional, athletic movements.
Strength is foundational for health.

17. Stretch and focus on posture.
A pain-free body is one of the most undervalued blessings in the world.

18. The best way to learn is to do.
Real mastery comes from action, not theory.

19. Don’t ignore your curiosities just because the world tells you differently.
Your curiosities are clues to your deeper purpose.

20. Learn to do the things you’re scared to do in the moment.
Courage compounds. Growth lives on the other side of discomfort.

21. Buy index funds.
Anything outside of that is speculative gambling—and that’s fine, as long as you’re risk-aware and make educated guesses.

22. What you constantly think about is a sign.
The thoughts that keep showing up are your brain telling you what it really wants to spend time on.

23. Play more.
Life is not meant to be all serious. Play is rejuvenating, creative, and human.

24. Do what makes a good story.
When in doubt, choose the path that you’ll look back on and smile about.

25. How you do anything is how you do everything.
Small actions reflect bigger patterns.

26. Your internal scorecard over everything else.
External validation fades. Living true to yourself endures.

27. Investing in your health, your wealth, and yourself is never a bad use of money.
Those three investments always pay dividends.

28. Dance, sing, and laugh more.
Joy is medicine. Express it freely.

29. Create more than you consume.
Leave something behind. Producing is more fulfilling than endlessly consuming.

30. Gratitude is the ultimate wealth.
No matter what you gain, lose, or experience—gratitude grounds you. It transforms life into abundance.